Implement hangouts chat notifications (#7013)
netdata/netdata: health/notifications/hangouts/README.md

# Hangouts Chat

This is what you will get:

> ![Netdata on Hangouts](https://imgur.com/a/FVlZ3F0)

Reviewer: This image wasn't loading here on GitHub, and we prefer images be on their CDN anyway, so here's the new Markdown.

```suggestion
![Netdata on Hangouts](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1153921/66427166-47de6900-e9c8-11e9-8322-b4b03f084dc1.png)
```

> You need:

Reviewer: Put an empty line above this.

Reviewer: And maybe clarify that you need to set these up in Google Hangouts, not Netdata? Someone might get confused. One possibility:

```suggestion
To receive notifications in Google Hangouts, you need the following in your Hangouts setup:
```

> 1. A room or more rooms

Reviewer: "One or more rooms"

```suggestion
1. One or more rooms
```

> 2. In each room create a **Incoming Webhooks**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. An **incoming webhook** for each room
```

> How to create a incoming webhooks: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How to create an incoming webhook: 
```

https://developers.google.com/hangouts/chat/how-tos/webhooks

> Set them in `/etc/netdata/health_alarm_notify.conf` (to edit it on your system run `/etc/netdata/edit-config health_alarm_notify.conf`), like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the webhook URIs and room names in `health_alarm_notify.conf`. To edit it on your system, run `/etc/netdata/edit-config health_alarm_notify.conf`):
```
